Release UIKit React v3.5.0 (#644)
sendbird/sendbird-uikit-react: CHANGELOG.md

  ```javascript
  breakpoint?: string | boolean
  ```

  Example:
  ```javascript
  <SendBirdProvider breakpoint="768px">
  ```
  ```javascript
  const isMobile = /iPhone|iPad|iPod|Android/i.test(navigator.userAgent);
  return (
    <SendbirdProvider breakpoint={isMobile} />
      {
        isMobile
          ? <MobileChatLayout />
          : <DesktopChatLayout />
      }
    </SendbirdProvider>
  )
  ```

  Other props:
  * SendbirdProvider?.onUserProfileMessage?: (channel: GroupChannel) => void
  Callback for handling when user sends a user profile message.
  * Channel?.onBackClick?: () => void
  Callback for handling when user clicks on back button in channel.
  This is only applicable for mobile devices.

* Configure UIKit through Dashboard(not released yet)
  We are doing groundwork to support configuring  UIKit through
  the dashboard. This will allow you to configure UIKit without
  having to add props to each component. This feature *will not* be a
  breaking change and will be backwards compatible.

### Chore:
* TSC error in typescript sample
* Samples -> Upgrade vite to 4.3.9

### Fix:
* Connection

>   * SDK on Sendbird component unmount

Reviewer: disconnect SDK

> ### Fix:
> * Connection
>   * SDK on Sendbird component unmount
> * Message
>   * Desktop - allow text select on Labels
>   * Remove loading placeholder on ThumbnailMessage
>   * OGMessage width overflow while adding reaction
>   * Center align & remove ellipsis from admin message
> * Voice Message
>   * Hide download option for voice message
>   * Show warning when there is no voice recording permission
>   * Race condition in playing audio files simultaneously
>   * Stop voice player when recorder exits
>   * Pause voice when component is removed from layout
> * Replies
>   * Quoted text alignment for reply messages
>   * MessageList: Triggering of random clicks while scroll to parent
> * Thread
>   * Improve parent message detection
>   * Emoji reactions overflow in message
> * Settings
>   * <AllMemebers />: Show context menu on click
> * Open Channel
>   * OpenChannel Context menu click leak
>   * Vertical scroll on labels in open channel list

Reviewer 2: nit; to elaborate more what kind of actions have been done to fix issues

```suggestion
### Fixes:
* Connection
  * SDK on Sendbird component unmounting issue resolved
* Message
  * Desktop - enabled text selection on Labels.
  * Removed loading placeholder on ThumbnailMessage
  * Resolved OGMessage width overflow when adding reaction
  * Center aligned and removed ellipsis from admin message
* Voice Message
  * Hidden download option for voice message
  * Added warning when there is no voice recording permission
  * Resolved race condition in playing audio files simultaneously
  * Stopped voice player when recorder exits
  * Paused voice when component is removed from layout
* Replies
  * Aligned quoted text for reply messages
  * Resolved triggering of random clicks in MessageList while scrolling to parent
* Thread
  * Improved parent message detection
  * Resolved emoji reactions overflow in message
* Settings
  * <AllMemebers />: Show context menu on click
* Open Channel
  * Resolved OpenChannel Context menu click leak
  * Enabled vertical scroll on labels in open channel list
```

Reviewer: So, the reason for this language is [imperative mood
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_mood
)
Improve vs improved
Resolve vs Resolved etc
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/git/git.git/tree/Documentation/SubmittingPatches?h=v2.36.1#n181
